Add support for Max Series Per Query for block storage and streaming ingesters (#4179)
cortexproject/cortex: docs/configuration/arguments.md

   Requires `-distributor.replication-factor`, `-distributor.shard-by-all-labels`, `-distributor.sharding-strategy` and `-distributor.zone-awareness-enabled` set for the ingesters too.

- `max_series_per_query` / `-ingester.max-series-per-query`
  

>     When running Cortex chunks storage: limit enforced when fetching metrics from ingesters only.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When running Cortex chunks storage: limit enforced in the ingesters only and it's a per-instance limit.
```

>     When running Cortex blocks storage: limit enforced when fetching metrics both from ingesters and store-gateways.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When running Cortex blocks storage: limit enforced in the queriers both on samples fetched from ingesters and store-gateways (long-term storage).
```

>     When running Cortex blocks storage: limit enforced in the queriers both on samples fetched from ingesters and store-gateways (long-term storage).

Reviewer: This is no more true. Please update the doc accordingly.
